[JENKINS-65169] Add section for agent name security fix (#4196)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/upgrades/2-263-2.adoc

// /* package for test */ static /* non-final for script console */ int MAX_AREA = SystemProperties.getInteger(.class.getName() + ".maxArea", 10_000_000); // 4k*2.5k 
This limit can be changed by setting the link:/doc/book/managing/system-properties/#hudson-util-graph-maxarea[Java system property `hudson.util.Graph.maxArea`] to the desired integer value.

[#SECURITY-2021]
===== Security fix for agent names

link:/security/advisory/2021-01-13/#SECURITY-2021[SECURITY-2021]

A security fix in Jenkins 2.275 and LTS 2.263.2 disallows agent names that could cause Jenkins to override unrelated `config.xml` files.

> Some plugins (like plugin:mesos[Mesos cloud]) allow unsafe characters (like ':') in agent names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud plugins (like plugin:mesos[Mesos cloud]) allow unsafe characters (like ':') in agent name templates.
```

Those plugins may fail to provision an agent due to the unsafe character in the agent name as reported in jira:JENKINS-65169[].

> It is much better to change the agent name in the plugin configuration to avoid unsafe characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to change the agent name template in the plugin configuration to avoid unsafe characters.
```

If that is not possible, administrators may consider disabling this fix.

Administrators can disable this fix by setting the link:/doc/book/managing/system-properties/#jenkins-model-nodes-enforcenamerestrictions[Java system property `jenkins.model.Nodes.enforceNameRestrictions`] to `false`.

> 

Reviewer: As in an entry further up:

> Doing so is discouraged, as this will re-introduce a security issue.

Author: Thanks.  Added in 2b58926469b8673664284925cbbcf52c9d16b5ba

This is not considered to be a security vulnerability as Overall/Administer permission is required to save label configurations, and users with that permission can use the script console and have access to the Jenkins controller file system anyway.

Some plugins (like Mesos cloud) allow unsafe characters (like ':') in the labels of the agents they create.
Those plugins may fail to provision an agent due to the unsafe character in the agent label as reported in jira:JENKINS-65169[].
It is much better to change the label convention in the plugin configuration to avoid unsafe characters.

> If that is not possible, administrators may consider disabling this hardening.

Reviewer: This part should not be in this section as it is about something entirely different.

We did not include a section applying to JENKINS-65169/SECURITY-2021 and need a new one.
